Okay, before we get started, we're going to set up a demo project.
Once we've done that,
we'll have a Spring Data project ready to go for the next modules
where we can start using the framework to query data.
The project we'll be working on is a flight arrival system.
For this course,
we'll have one simple database table that stores a list
of flights and their arrival time.
We'll then be querying this data using Spring Data.
It's also going to be a Spring Boot project.
The reason for this is that it takes a convention over
configuration approach to Spring applications,
meaning that we'll have the minimal amount of setup
required to get our project running.
To put it simply,
Spring Boot makes it easy to get your application off and running
as quickly as possible and nowadays should be the default choice
when creating a Spring application.
We'll be using Spring Data JPA during our POC as we need to
pick at least one module in order to use it.
But it's important to realize that we'll only be working
with the interfaces in Spring Data Commons.
Finally, we'll be using a H2 database.
H2 is a fast in-memory SQL database that can be embedded into your application.
It's mainly used for testing purposes as it doesn't
require you to set up an external database.
In fact,
there's no setup or configuration to be done at all as it
automatically starts and stops when you run a test.
All the source code for the demo can be found on GitHub.
You can clone it from this repository,
or you can check the Pluralsight assets directory,
and the code will be contained there too. This will be the same for all modules.